hello it's Ruby and I have decided to
start vlogging and currently it is 830
bucks I thought that I would start with
me now and then continue it tomorrow
morning and then go on to the day after
which I have an exam on actually so it's
kind of what I do in the days leading up
to an exam I haven't had an exam for 10
days so I'm revising the same two
subjects so I feel very prepared span
I've been writing a novel for fun and at
the moment it's 26 thousand words just
kind of coming on um so I just am
rushing this for an hour now and I'm
going to write it for a bit more Alexa
set a timer for 51 minutes
we're doing
[Music]
I'm just going to try and write another
two or three sentences and their way
will listen to my timer so it's now
quarter past nine so I was writing for a
bit longer than I intended so I wrote
two thousand words which is how much I'm
trying to write everyday I'm just doing
a little bit of research about the
professors that are speaking at a Oxford
study days if I'm attending next week
just so that I can see what their books
are so I've just posted a book review
for Let The Right One In unlike agreed
I'm going to go to bed very soon because
it's gone past 10:00 now but I just need
to reply to an email really quickly
good morning I'm very tired and so I
managed to read until about midnight
cause past midnight last night
and so I overslept this morning it's not
a and and we're just leaving to go and
drop my sister school so I'm back home
now and I have written out my to-do list
which isn't as long as 18 years because
on the day before exams I don't like to
do a whole load of revision I'm not
really one to cram majorly you not right
before an exam I started off my morning
by typing up three epic times for RS
and now I'm going to write an essay with
the title Jesus is a liberator before
discuss
[Music]
following this I wrote another essay
again for RS which had the title
revealed theology is the only way to
know God I actually spent 30 minutes of
FX five minutes on this one because on
my last one I put 45 minutes
I was really over so it's 12 now I'm
going to do three epic urns
portable hemisphere download this is a
risky be eavesdropping keep an
unregistered animate I recorded two line
for a hairy portion cop to fire
stop-motion that big Rick machine filmed
and definitely going to have a look at
it actually and I'm just watching it to
the first time now
so I've just received a letter from Ruby
so I'm going to be opening this and
responding so I just spent about half an
hour writing to page Verizon YouTube
page letter to my friend Ruby and now
I'm actually display to organize my
master there we go
here you can see me during a chemistry
paper which I made myself
then I went over some equations I was
finding really tricky for chemistry I
didn't give you an up today this morning
so I'm going to do one now and I'm
wearing this jumper which is kind of a
military-style one and this is from
Jonny Bowden and I'm wearing it with
this caskets Kingdra and they will
surround this necklace that my friend
and Derek got me for my birthday which
says this skull can I don't write to
stress myself out majorly before on the
night before an exam because I know that
it's not going to be productive for me
so I'm going to go and have my shower
now which is very early for me because
it's 4:00 and then I will maybe read
over some notes of course you have to
listen to beach in the beach okay so I
have just been tested on my chemistry
definitions and I've gone over a few
other bits so it's no coach 9:00 and
I've been writing my book for the whole
of that last stretch but I did have
dinner as well I will point that out and
I'm actually going to watch tiny little
television only for 15 minutes until
line I'm going to watch a little
princess mistake at night now because
I'm not going on to look at my phone I
know that I received a screen here but
once I watched a few more minutes this
I'm going to turn it off and then read
so that's all I'm really going to be
doing good morning so it is exam day and
it is currently in 2035 and I've just
been reading through a few of my past
essays for theology just so I can kind
of get back into the mindset and so I'm
just doing that and then I'll write a
paragraph just one paragraph so that I'm
used to writing
so we are now back after school and my
firm's
I'm not really sure how to comment on
them I think the theology paper was
really good I really enjoyed the
questions and the chemistry didn't go as
well as I thought it would go there were
there one or two questions that I just
find it quite difficult um but I'm
learning as you can see a new jump which
I was not wearing this morning and this
is my end of exams present from my
parents I am in love with it as a
cricket jumper from Jonny Bowden and
it's so comfortable oh and I also got
this hand cream in coconut and some new
cycling shorts for school that you're
wondering which I don't I actually wear
these out of school as well because
they're really good under dresses so
I've just been editing my new video
which is the books I read in May and
I've just finished that so now it's
exporting so that I can and then put it
on YouTube then I unpacked my exam
pencil case and my bag that I bought in
for exams made sure that everything was
in the correct place and it actually
took a lot longer than I thought it
would take so after that I wrapped my
friend Eloise's birthday present and
then I wrote her part and if you are
wondering why people glancing up it's
because I was watching a study with me
at the same time is what I was doing
earlier at school and after my exam I
just honestly think it's just reading so
I'm going to do the rest of it
[Music]
there we go starting to upload and I've
scheduled it for tomorrow at 6:00 and
Walsall uploads I'm not going to use the
internet but I am going to write some
more of my book which I'm very much
enjoying writing it's the next morning
and I'm really sorry that I didn't and
love very much last night but I
basically just write my book and we also
go to Korea which is nice
we've got friends coming around a people
army coming over for brunch
freaking camera so we're just basically
reading the covers for sweetening ruin
ah so you've got to go I know it's a
girl Morton either have fun watching the
rest of the video it we really fun
oh hi Liam sorry for making a freak
shake yes is not very productive but
especially after exam season I always
think it's important that you have a
break and you do something fun with
friends and family decided to make ice
cream sundaes instead because the other
thing wasn't ready at all
Hey oh yeah sit down
are you - this is my one another
[Music]
October I I just have some glorious
pizza um because he still everyone
really round it is 20 past 8:00
I'm working some more of my book now I
shouldn't repeat how I'm getting quite
obsessed by it that was just a video a
movie that we made on New Year's Eve
when everyone came around and we were
just watching through that everyone has
now left and it is 20 to 10 so I'm
watching it it was my book um and I will
eventually do it